From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists. Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 42. Recorded live
Wednesday, November 24, 2010. Support
for Hansel minutes is provided
by Telerik rad controls, the
most comprehensive suite of components
for windows forms and asp.net
web applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with Pete
Brown about working remotely. Hi,
this is Scott Cancel one.
And this is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
I am talking to a
fellow remote worker, Pete Brown.
I am remote. You're remote.
How's it going, sir? Going
well, Scott, how are you
doing? What's your bed now?
You are in, I was,
we worked together for a
long time and I still
don't. You're in one of
the new England States. No,
I'm a little bit further
South than that. So I
live just right between Washington
DC and Annapolis, Maryland. That's
not new England. No, but
I will cut you some
Slack since here from the
wrong coast. Oh, the wrong
coast. Okay. How long have
you worked for the big
blue monster? So it's been
like a year and a
month, I think. So not
too long. And one of
the things that's significant about
us as Microsoft employees is
that we, and now your
entire team are all remote
workers, which is very unusual.
Microsoft. I wouldn't say isn't
necessarily remote worker hostile, but
they're definitely not remote worker
friendly. You know, they, they
don't go out of their
way to hire people remotely,
except for our little group,
which actually did go out
of its way to get
remote people. How has it
been working for Microsoft remotely?
Like what's the good and
the bad? Well, the good
is it's, you know, it's
a pretty good gig to
be able to work from
my house and be able
to, you know, still have
all the access to people
on campus and all the
cool stuff that goes along
with being a blue badge.
The bad is like you
said, folks are not really
set up either mentally or
technically to be able to
handle remote workers. So, you
know, we struggle a lot
with setting up meetings and
blowing time at the beginning
of meetings to set up
cameras and all the usual
things there. And also just,
you know, scheduling people, not
realizing that you're three hours
difference for them because not
only are we remote where
on a different coast, right.
So you'll get the meeting
request for eight o'clock at
night. And you know, I'm
usually trying to get my
kids to bed at that
time and stuff. Yeah. It's
funny. The thing that you
said about blowing time at
the beginning of meetings, I've
started to literally pull people
aside on private emails and
say, listen, if you want
me to be in this
meeting, I need you to
come to the meeting room
five, 10 minutes early, and
then I'll help out. Cause
it is amazing how you
could seriously blow 15 minutes.
Like it's like the first
time they've ever used video
chat before it just blows
their minds. And since we're
doing, I mean, I'll have,
you know, three or four
meetings in a day. Things
like having multiple microphones, multiple
output devices is, is like
trivial for me to understand.
But for everyone else it's
it's magic. Yup. And you
know how it is when
you have like a live
meeting and people can never
figure out the live meeting
at the beginning. Like I
think every single live meeting
I've ever attended has 10
minutes of struggling at the
beginning. And that's kind of
how every meeting is with
remote guys. Do you blame
live meeting or do you
blame the people? I blame
the people. Yeah. Yeah. I
don't think it's a technology.
I think it's just, it's
something that they don't have
to do every day. So
they don't have kind of
the muscle memory to remember
all the different things that
they need to do to
get it set up. Now,
one thing that really helps
though, is if you get
to know the admins for
the groups, the admins are
such a saving grace for
this because they'll come in
a couple of minutes early,
like you were saying, set
it up and make it
so nobody else has to
work. I think that one
of the things that I'd
like people to remember if
there's anyone who's a Microsoft
employee who is listening or
someone that we meet with
on a regular basis is
that windows knows about playback
devices and recording devices. And
every time you plug something
into windows, that's either a
pair of headphones or a
USB Polycomm headset or a
speaker phone or whatever that
becomes another output device. And
those output devices usually have
associated input devices. And the
number one problem that I've
seen is confusion about where,
what exactly is the microphone
in this case or what
exactly is the speakers in
this case, right. Windows seven,
got a lot smarter with
that. You could, when you
plug something in it pretty
much assumes that the thing
that you just plugged in
is probably the thing you
want your sound to come
out of. Yeah. I've had
pretty good luck with that
here. And you know, it
gets a little bit more
complicated in the offices though,
because we've got those round
table devices and folks are,
you know, figure out how
to interface with those. And
they're extremely cool once they,
once everybody gets them up
and working. But if you
don't have experience with them,
those can be pretty challenging.
Maybe you could say something
about what around table devices
and why they're so important
to us as remote workers.
Yeah. So the round tables
We're getting, I think in
most of the offices now,
it's, it's actually getting hard
to find offices up on
campus that don't have a
round table in it, but
they're a little like stick
in the middle with this
kind of puck on top.
And as I understand it,
that that puck has kind
of CCDs, you know, like
cameras in 360 degrees, just
like a continuous sensor array,
like going around it. And
actually There's five individual webcams.
Is that how it works?
It has five individual webcams
and then it stitches them
together with software. Yeah. It's
a really amazing job of
zeroing in on who's actually
speaking and showing you just
that person as well as
giving you kind of a
Panorama view of the whole
room. Right? So for, for
a remote worker, it's awesome.
Cause you feel like you're
about as close as you
can be to actually sitting
in the room without, you
know, putting, you're putting a
proxy in the room for
you. Right. What's best. What's
great about the, the round
tables that a lot of
people don't realize, at least
a lot of people who
are using them for the
first time is that you
can just plug them in
and you have the drivers
already. If you have windows
seven, you plug them in
and you don't even need
live meeting. You could literally
plug in a around table
device into your laptop and
use Skype. And rather than
showing a Panorama, like you
said, it will single in
on the person who is
speaking and then make that
person centered within a square
kind of virtual webcam. So
what we see as the
remote workers are as if
there's like a hidden director
who is saying camera one,
okay, camera three. Okay. Camera
two. And picking the correct
webcam view out of the
360 degrees and then giving
it to us. So we
actually see one of two
things. We either see a
straight square shot of whoever
is speaking or the last
person who has, has spoken,
or if you're using live
meeting or the new Microsoft
link link is spelled L
Y N C, then we'll
actually see a 360 degree
Panorama, like you mentioned. Right.
And it really does help
from my side. The downside
to those is it's one
way. Right? So you don't
get the little kind of
helped me OB one projection
in the middle of the
room showing you there. Somebody
has to go through an
extra step to get you
up on a screen or
project a project, your image
up there. Right. Right. And
then you ended up with
the, which is the creepy
10 foot head problem. Sometimes
people will go, Oh wow.
I don't like that at
all. And then you find
that it's because your giant
face is on the screen.
So what I've been doing
is encouraging people to make
a little small window set
the window to always on
top and then keep me
kind of in the corner.
It's, it's amazing. You would
think it would not be
obvious to me. You think
it would be obvious, but
having your face be the
size that your face would
be if you were there
in person, helps people connect
to you as a remote
worker, like a mom on
an emotional level. Yup. I
totally want the, the Jedi
council chamber thing. You know,
we can have half the
people in holograms, but they're
still sitting in seats. And
so it just looks like
they're there they're life size.
I think that would be
the ultimate, the ultimate way
to go about it. Apparently
the Cisco telepresence is close
to that. Basically they take
a big round table and
then they wrap 40 inch
or 50 inch screens, one,
two, three across one half
of it. So there's effectively
two tables. Each of them
round in two different locations
each with half of the
table backed with screens. So
then you, you look over
to that side and it
looks like they're there. So
that's kind of half optical
illusion and half a 10
AP high, highly compressed video.
That's cool. Are, could do
the, what was it the
first, the first Superman where
they had all the guys
projected up on the walls.
Like it's super life-size. That
could be better. Actually. There's
a company now called Lifesize,
which is a division of
logic tech and Lifesize is
competing in the telepresence space
and they've got multiple versions
of their life size software
that is all 10 80
P 30 frames, a second
or seven 20 P 60
frames, a second hardware compressed
video and a various sizes.
And they've got like the
life, the life size executive,
and they've got the life-size
express and all these different
kinds of life size things
we know. And I, I
just recently got a 42
inch screen since LCDs and
big television sets have become
cheaper. Kind of getting back
to that issue about the
head size. You know, we
actually thought about flipping it
on its side, you know,
maybe a 40 inch or
a 50 and something that
would at least make me
almost human sized. You could
have me sitting up, you
basically take a monitor, rotate
it and then put a
chair behind it. And you
can maybe simulate someone sitting
in a chair. And it
sounds very geeky, but again,
all of the, the goal
here and I'm interested in
your opinion, the goal here
is to help people in
Seattle, in our case, connect
with us on a more
emotional level so that we
feel more like a team
and that they think about
us, the out of sight
out of mind kind of
phenomenon is a huge problem.
Yeah. Yeah. And what you're
saying about being Lifesize is
it's amazing how kind of
like psychologically, how we, how
we interact with those types
of, of, of interfaces. Like,
like, you know, when you
have a webcam and you're
kind of looking down at
the laptop webcam, and everybody
else sees you and you're
like hovering over them and
that's kind of a Tim
kind of intimidating it is.
But if, but if you
have just a normal flat
life person in the room,
then that's somebody that you
can relate with. I mean,
the worst end of the
spectrum is a conference call
with no video or half,
half the people just check
out and nobody's really paying
attention. I hope that's not
news to anybody. Yeah. But
also they have a tendency
to, I know this because
I've heard afterwards, you'll say
something you, the remote worker
and the people who are
local will roll their eyes
because you said something stupid.
So what's significant about that
is not, well, maybe it's
significant that I'm an idiot
and they hate me. But
what I think is more
significant is that they are
more likely to do something
like that. What would be
considered inappropriate in person, right.
If they know you can't
see them. Yeah. It's, it's,
it's amazing how, as, as
humans, we deal with face
to face interaction versus like
any other type of interaction.
Well, Damien and I, Damien
Edwards have been working on,
on making on this 42
inch screen. And it might
seem overkill to put together
42 in screen, but honestly
it was a $400 Costco
kind of a thing. And
it was half the price
of my 30 inch monitor.
It does 10 ADP HTMI.
So we got this thing
at Costco and we took
it to my office in
Seattle and set it up.
And honestly it could be
bigger. I mean, really you
couldn't, you can't, you couldn't
be too big. And if
I could find a projector
that was bright enough, I
think I'd project up against
the whole wall. You know,
that would really cause you
to connect with somebody. I
would Mount it on the
ceiling and I'd project a
hundred inches, but we've got
this 42 inch screen. And
I put together a logic
techs and ontologic tech a,
a Microsoft life cams, cinema
seven 20 PhD webcam. And
then I've also just picked
up a logic tech
HD. And I'm basically testing
these two video cams because
they'll both do seven 20
P high definition. Right. But
they'll do it only with
a quad core processor. You
need that quad core processor.
Otherwise you need to go
in and buy a hardware
compressed camera. That'll, that'll, that'll
really squish. Right. And it's
worked so well. And we've
been using it with a
office communicator now called link.
And what's great about it
is that I can switch
from showing myself to showing
my desktop and we've been
doing some, some pairing and
it's, it's worked really, really
well, surprisingly well. And they
really told me that what
we did is we shoved
me actually in the corner.
That way I could see
a complete view of the
room. And they told me
that it's caused them to
connect with me more. So
I've just been doing what
we did before with, with
Phil hack is leave the
camera on all the time
that I'm sitting there so
that somebody can just stop
by my office. And then
I'll just write it. It's
the difference Between, you know,
you actually have a presence
in that room versus somebody
having to go out and
like, if they have to
call you that, it makes
it really obvious that you're
not there. But if you
just walk in the room
and you know, the dude
on the monitor looks up
and says, Hey, how you
doing? Then? You know, you
have a presence in the
room. Hi, this is Scott
coming to you from another
place in time. Are you
using agile practices to manage
your software development? There's lots
of tools in the market
that manage the steps of
a project, but most of
them focus on individual roles,
get ready for a solution
that caters for the success
of the whole team. Guys
at Tellerik introduced team pulse.
It's an agile project management
tool. That'll help you gather
ideas, estimate plan, track progress
in a common workspace. Finally
companies, regardless of their size
can use a lightweight and
convenient tool that makes all
the stakeholders work as a
United team. Even if they're
in different countries by combining
intuitive user interface and the
power server light team poles
removes the roadblocks that you
typically face and applying agile
in an effective manner, no
more lost data, no disparate
systems, no lack of critical
analytics regarding the health and
philosophy project. See if yourself
get a free copy for
five users in one project
at tellerik.com/team pulse. And please
do thank Tellerik for supporting
Hansel minutes on their Facebook
fan page, facebook.com/t L E
R I K Tellerik. We
do appreciate it. There wouldn't
be a Hansel minutes. If
there wasn't teller helping us.
I recently blogged about a
pan tilt zoom. There's a
thing called a tracker pot.
It's a $20 pan tilt
zoom thing that you plug
in with USB, you know,
about a half an hours
work and I've hooked up
a remote pan tilt zoom.
And this is going to
allow me to look at
the whiteboard or look out
the door. And by looking
at the door, now I
can see people wander by,
right? And then what I
did is I hooked up
a Polycomm a Polycomm is
kind of a standard brand
for conference phones instead of
just using regular speakers and
regular mix, that makes the
sound much better. And it
also allows me to shout.
So if someone wanders by,
I can say, Hey, Hey,
come here. You know, and
then they'll, they'll come in.
And well, it's a little
bit of a curiosity. I
mean, sure. It's, it's kind
of strange. You've got this
guy in a, in a
big picture frame. I organize
the office. It was fortunate
enough that my boss was
flexible and organize an office
at the, at the end
of a T junction. So
basically you step off the
elevator in building 42, you
turned to the side and
I'm right there. And I
get a lot of foot
traffic. It's probably one of
the most foot traffic offices
out there, which would not
be a good thing if
you were at depth. But
if as a remote worker,
it makes a big difference.
While previously in building five,
my office was really at
the end of the culdesac.
Yup. And no one ever
stopped by and it was
very sad and lonely and
they would turn the lights
off and forget I was
in there. That's fine. That's
actually really cool. And you
know, being able to see
other bodies moving by, you
know, helps you stay a
little bit more connected with
the people in the building
and feel less isolated. I
would think, you know, just
having that movement off the
side of the camera Isolation
was one of the things
that I wanted to talk
to you about because I
just get sad. I just
get lonely out here and,
and you know, I just,
I'm not going to move.
I will, you know, I'll
quit before I moved. Just
because I've got, I've got
family, I've got family here,
extended family here, multiple family,
nieces, nephews, yada, yada, yada,
everything is here. And we,
this just a number of
different reasons that I can't
move well, that's actually Stop
you there. Cause that's a,
that's a really good point.
Cause some folks might be
listening to this and think,
wow, you dropped 400 bucks.
So you could put a
TV in an office somewhere
and how much on a
camera and all this stuff.
But there are definite like
quality of life issues that,
you know, we're trying to
solve here. We have like
I'm on the East coast.
So I, my wife is
not particularly interested in moving
out to Seattle. So I'm
going to be here pretty
much indefinitely. But even if
I had a local office
to go to, if you
just add up like the
time lost, you know, commuting
and then the gas cost
or wear and all those
kind of like weird little
one off things, then something
like a $400 TV gets
paid for in a week
or two. Right. Even though
I only live 250 miles,
only 250 miles from Seattle,
it takes about four hours
up and about five hours
down. So there's, you know,
nine hours of driving and
you can figure that out.
You know, how much time
that takes me. And I
try to have meetings and
things on Bluetooth, but you
know, realistically that's a lot
of time and it takes
about $250 with a gas
and about $800 worth of,
of hotel, even at a
cheap hotel if I go
up for a week. Right.
So we know, honestly, you're
looking at just a day
or two's time to, to
pay for that big monitor.
And the camera was a
hundred bucks. You know, I
don't think I've spent more
than a thousand dollars, which
is the equivalent of less
than one trip up to
Seattle. And if this, if
this allows me to save
even one or two trips
a year, all the better,
but if I get this
thing, right, not only will
it make my life easier
and potentially save me four
or five trips a year,
it'll make everyone else's life
EG. Who's remote as well,
including all the people that
we've got up in Vancouver,
Canada, and other, other remote
people. Yeah. I think that's
really cool. And that's, and
it's a point I wanted
to make just because somebody
might be a said, since
there's no video here, somebody
might be rolling their eyes
thinking about the money that
we spend on something like
this totally worth it. I'm
sure they are Now to,
to, to isolation this, this
obsession that I have. And
I think we share of
being connected to the, to
the home office is also
a way of not being
too isolated. I mean, I
live in a small town
and sometimes I just go
down to the local sandwich
shop and sit just so
I can see other, other
humans. Right. How much trouble
do you have with that?
The idea of like, I
know you're not a big
pair programming type, but sometimes
I'll call people just to,
just to talk to somebody.
Yeah. I remember one day
we were going to pair
program, but we ended up
basically with just having a
two way webcam, ideally running
for like four hours while
we each worked on different
stuff. And it was, you
know, there is something about
having somebody around you professionally,
that that helps deal with
some of the isolation. You
know, like my, my wife
always jokes that when I'm
working, she knows the only
connection that she gets is
with a four year old
and a two year old.
And eventually she just needs
to talk to other adults
sometimes. So it's like a,
it's like a similar thing
here. So, you know, I'll
go out sometimes, but truthfully
I'm a, I'm a bit
of a hermit anyway. So
I get a lot of
my, my connectivity out of
things like Twitter and, and
I'm doing all these various
webcam chats with different people
in the organization. Cause we
ended up doing a lot
of meeting in our role.
I mean, you know that
you have those days where
basically you're on the phone
from, you know, nine o'clock
in the morning till six
30 at night. So if
most of those have a
with them and just say
probably about a 60% have
webcams with them, then that
really helps a lot. But
yeah, sometimes I need to
just go out to the
coffee shop and hang out
for a little bit and
see other people. Yeah. I
think that My wife thinks
that when I, when I
say I'm having lunch with
a friend or something that
she's like, God, this guy
has lunch a lot. Why
are you having lunch all
the time? But when you
go up to campus, like
there's so much, there's so
much time spent with people
having lunch and they take
it for granted. Yep. Someone
will wander by your office
and go, Hey, we're going
to lunch and decisions get
made and meeting, you know,
and things happen. And you
know, human connections occur at
something as simple as lunch.
So I've collected kind of
a bunch of lunch people
around Portland here that I'll
hang out with probably twice
a week, sometimes three times
a week, as well as
Microsoft people like Chris cells
who is also a remote
guy, just, just to keep
from going nuts. Right. Right.
Now the thing is, so
I've only been doing this
for a year at Microsoft,
but I did it for
a few years at my
previous job and we didn't
have webcams and all the
other stuff there. So I
kind of had like the
really hard end of it,
where you had a phone
and I am, and that
was it. And so this
is, this is kind of
like a lot more connectivity
now at this point. Yeah.
And this is all a
giant company, right? This is
a big enterprise. That's not
used to it. If you
look at a smaller company
like stack overflow, where everyone
is effectively remote and they
have a persistent IRC channel
and they've got a chat
product in, they're always connected
and it is baked into
their culture, not just their
corporate culture, but it's also
younger people, right? I mean,
there's Microsoft people. Who've lived
in what I call the
Redmond reality distortion field for,
you know, 20 years. Yep.
It's interesting. It's it's snowing
right now. Right? So it's
like the great snow storm
of 2010. What an inch
of snow. Yeah. I think
it's a dusting of snow.
It looks like powdered sugar,
but apparently it's crippled the
Northwest. I think it's the
ice, everyone. Whenever I say
that, they're like, Ooh, that's
scary ice. It's not the
heat. It's the humidity. Right.
Exactly. So what's happened is
my trip to Seattle was
canceled and I'm looking at
my, my, my chat application
here and everyone is working
from home. Like everyone's working
from home. And I think
this is partially psychological, partially
the holidays. And partially that
the, you know, everything's covered
in snow, but this is
fun each each year, because
this is the Scott gets
to go neener neener. As
I watched, people's struggle with
remote working remotely. Cause this
is the only time all
the Redmond people who have
been up there forever have
to have to work remotely.
And it shows that, and
a lot of people are
just like, Oh yeah, bad
weather. I'm going to work
from home. And I think
it shows that if given
the choice, most people would
spend at least a couple
of days a week working
from home. I mean, it's
just that much more efficient
for the way that you
work, as well as being
able to make it easier
to schedule around like doctor's
appointments and things like that.
Well, there is that, and
that, that, that is the
one kind of selfish benefit
that we get, which is
being able to, you know,
take an afternoon off and
go do something and not
be seen. And we, we
both keep core kind of
core hours, you know, I'm
available, you know, pretty much
8:00 AM to 3:00 PM, but blowing
off work, easy blowing to
me, blowing off work early
is a really a, a
really easy thing when you're
working remotely. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah.
And it's something, it does
take some, some discipline. Right.
And I think if you've
done it for a bit,
then, then you're kind of
used to that. And so
there's not quite so much
temptation, but at the same
time, it's really nice to
be able to just take
your kids out for that
one afternoon. And I mean,
you and I have both
been online working at two
o'clock in the morning. Right.
So you know, that we'll
have those core hours, but
we're definitely putting in the
additional hours after that. Well,
you know, I think that's
actually a bad thing. I
think as a remote worker,
we are constantly paranoid that
we're not being perceived as
doing enough work and in
my experience having run a
team and then now you
have a team of remote
people. Don't you think that
there's a little bit of,
what's the word? Just kind
of remote guilt. And then
we overcompensate by working extra
hard, I find that remote
people tend to be on
at ridiculous hours. I mean,
between you, me, John 2:00 AM
3:00 AM is not uncommon. And
I think that it is
a way of overcompensating. Yeah.
I mean, it really depends
on the personalities, right. So
you mentioned John and stuff,
but I know there are
a couple of other people
that are remote that they're
on basically seven o'clock in
the morning until five, and
then you will not see
them again until the next
morning. Oh, wow. I have
not seen those people. That,
that would, that would be
wonderful if, if I had
that level of self control.
Yeah. So I just, I
don't have that discipline. Plus
for me, the real advantage
of being able to work
from home is I don't
have to keep those specific
hours. Like, you know, if
I want to take my
kids somewhere in the middle
of the day when everybody
else is stuck in a
cubicle is the best time
because nobody else is there.
You know, you don't have
the crowds, you don't have
the traffic or anything like
that. So I'm gonna, you
know, take a chunk out
of the middle of the
day and then make it
up later. Right. But the,
you know, the people that
are on at two o'clock
in the morning and stuff,
I think it has to
do a lot with just
what their, what their drive
is and what their personalities
are like. And then there
are other people with a
lot of discipline. Like I
said, they just do the
seven to five or whatever
I struggle with. Well, I
mean, I don't know, this
is getting into a whole
other level of kind of
depth and self-loathing as the
remote work will be about
your problems. Go, gosh, I
just worry that one day,
someone's going to say, you're
not doing enough. You know
what I mean? And that
as a, as a remote
guy, it's one, it's, there's
one level of, of they're
putting up with us we're
remote. Right? Yep. And yeah,
I mean, yeah. I've had
people say, Oh yeah, you're
Scott Hanselman, blah, blah, blah.
That's all, you can't have
an ego about this kind
of stuff. Right. Everyone is
very, very lucky to have
a job, everybody, you know?
So your goal is to
provide value, do a good
job. And presumably they'll, they'll
keep your, your badge working,
right. You'll be able to
log in tomorrow and it
still works just like Brad.
Exactly. Brad Wilson says, and
as a remote person, I
always feel that I need
to put in just that
much more value to justify
the remote tax. It's not
really a financial tax. It's
a, what I believe is
a mental tax that I,
that I think my bosses
think this guy's remote though.
Yeah. I mean, we've heard
comments from some people in
the organizations that, you know,
they know we've got a
pretty sweet gig. And so
you feel like you need
to do just a little
bit more to assuage that
guilt and to make them
realize that, Hey, because we're
remote and because we're who
we are, we're able to
give you just that much
more. Right. And then there's
the whole, well, I'm not
blowing, you know, two to
four hours in a car
every day, like just sitting
around doing nothing. So I
actually do have a little
bit more time to do
stuff. And I'll tell you
the difference between here and
where I worked before is
here. We're very much judged
on, you know, what we're
producing and, and our commitments.
So that makes it a
little bit easier than other
places where let's say that
you're working like by the
hour and a consulting company.
And it's really hard to
tell, you know, did you
just have regular productivity for
eight hours or did you
only work two hours and
just really bust your butt
for that two hours, you
know? Yeah. Yeah. And people
worry about that and those
types of jobs. Whereas like
I said, since we're much
more about the results, I
think it's, it makes it
easier to get past that.
Absolutely. Absolutely. Do you still
like working remotely? Are you
going to stick with it?
Yeah, I do. I mean,
w w So as long
as Sean DIA, nobody else
is listening. Right. So one
of the things that I
would really be disappointed with,
if I, if I ended
up moving up into Seattle
is having to go and
sit in an office all
day. It's just sorta the
way my attention span is
and stuff I do so
much better with the freedom
of being able to get
out and work weird hours
and work based on my
inspiration. So, you know, if
I'm inspired at 10 30
at night after my kids
go to sleep to go
and do something, I can
do it. And it's not
like I had to go
into an office to do
that. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Well,
I'm going to keep doing
it. Well, I provide value
and while I, you know,
help out the community, but
I have no doubt that
when, whenever it's time to
leave, it's probably going to
have something to do with
being a remote worker. Yeah.
I mean, I, I feel
like we probably have a
definite cap as far as
how far you can go
and still not be a
warm body in an office.
Yeah. And I just, I
don't know what that cap
is yet, but I'm sure
we'll find out at some
point, I'm hoping that if
I can wait it out
Until more and more and
more remote people come in
and hopefully because of some
of the work that we're
doing, we're going to make
it easier for remote workers.
So the more remote people
that come in and prove
that it's possible. And, and,
and whether it's a, whether
it's a portal or a
robot or a webcam on
a Roomba, the things that
we are doing to make
remote workers more, a part
of the culture, at least
at this giant company, the
better chance it is that
we'll be able to work
here longer. Yeah. And to
be clear, those need to
be the right kind of
people. Right. So we've, we've
all had experience with the
remote workers that just, they
think they have the free
day. Right. So if you
have the right kind of
people that gives you the
everybody else to right. Impression
of these types of folks
and yeah. It, it makes
it better for anybody else
who comes in afterwards. Yeah,
Absolutely. Well, thanks for chatting
with me, remote worker. I
appreciate it. Thank you. Remote
Scott. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes. We'll
see you again next week.